README.md, before:

# chatGPT-discord-bot

> ### This is a project that provides you to build your own Discord bot using ChatGPT
>
> ⭐️ A star would be highly appreciated

## Notice
> #### OpenAI added Cloudflare protections to their API, here are some differences in using it on server and desktop environment

### Desktop (default)
In the `requirments.txt`

    revChatGPT==0.0.a42
### Server & Docker
> The server and client must use the same IP address. Use your server as a self-hosted VPN if necessary

In the `requirments.txt`

    revChatGPT==0.0.38.8
## Features

* `/chat [message]` Chat with ChatGPT!
* `/private` ChatGPT switch to private mode
* `/public`  ChatGPT switch to public  mode
* `/reset`   ChatGPT conversation history will be erased

### Chat

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/206497774-47d960cd-1aeb-4fba-9af5-1f9d6ff41f00.gif)

### Mode

* `public mode (default)`  the bot directly reply on the channel

  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/206565977-d7c5d405-fdb4-4202-bbdd-715b7c8e8415.gif)
* `private mode` the bot's reply can only be seen by who use the command

  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/206565873-b181e600-e793-4a94-a978-47f806b986da.gif)

# Setup

## Install

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

dependencies: Reverse Engineered ChatGPT by OpenAI [here](https://github.com/acheong08/ChatGPT) and discord.py

## Step 1: Create a Discord bot

1. Go to https://discord.com/developers/applications create an application
2. Build a Discord bot under the application
3. Get the token from bot setting

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949161-4b508c6d-19a7-49b6-b8ed-7525ddbef430.png)
4. Store the token to `config.json` under the `discord_bot_token`

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949488-f3f2903d-7fb8-4be3-a703-2174535b3cd7.png)
5. Turn MESSAGE CONTENT INTENT `ON`

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949323-4354bd7d-9bb9-4f4b-a87e-deb9933a89b5.png)
   
6. Invite your bot to your server via OAuth2 URL Generator

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949600-0c7ddb40-7e82-47a0-b59a-b089f929d177.png)

## Step 2: Session token authentication

Go to https://chat.openai.com/chat log in

1. Open console with `F12`

2. Open `Application` tab > Cookies

    ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36258159/206955081-8a8e1ff9-d12c-456c-9a67-5c1a7438f76c.png)

3. Copy the value for `__Secure-next-auth.session-token` from cookies and paste it into `config.json` under `session_token`

## Step 3: Cloudflare token authentication (Server & Docker only)

  
   1. Find your `cf_clearance` from cookies and paste it into `config.json` under `cf_clearance`
        > **Warning**
        > 
        > Cloudflare `cf_clearance` have a 2-hour expiration, so you will need to manually log in and retrieve it periodically for now
        > 
        > Currently solving this issue

   2. Get your `user-agent` from network and paste it into `config.json` under `user-agent`

        Network > Headers > Request Headers > `User-Agent`

        ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/207018691-da7de05e-89c1-4111-a2d6-c220fa35754b.png
  )
  
   3. It should be look like this

        ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/206976671-31c989d1-c1af-494f-876a-3dc632ffc4da.PNG)

## Step 4: Run the bot

1. Open a terminal or command prompt
2. Navigate to the directory where you installed the ChatGPT Discord bot
3. Run `python3 main.py` to start the bot

## Step 4: Run the bot with docker

1. Build the Docker image `docker build -t chatgpt-discord-bot --platform linux/amd64 .`
2. Run the Docker container  `docker run --platform linux/amd64 -d chatgpt-discord-bot`

   ### Stop the bot:

   * `docker ps` to see the list of running services
   * `docker stop <BOT CONTAINER ID>` to stop the running bot

## Optional: Setup starting prompt

* A starting prompt would be invoked when the bot is first started or reset
* You can set it up by modifying the content in `starting-prompt.txt`
* All the text in the file will be fired as a prompt to the bot  

### Have A Good Chat !

Commit message:

One more layer of protection for config.json
Objective is to allow update the structure of config.json without accidentally commit any sensitive data that was entered into the config.json.
ReadMe file was also documented this changes to rename config.dev.json to config.json in this commit.

added config.json to gitignore

README.md, after:

# chatGPT-discord-bot

> ### This is a project that provides you to build your own Discord bot using ChatGPT
>
> ⭐️ A star would be highly appreciated

## Notice
> #### OpenAI added Cloudflare protections to their API, here are some differences in using it on server and desktop environment

### Desktop (default)
In the `requirments.txt`

    revChatGPT==0.0.a42
### Server & Docker
> The server and client must use the same IP address. Use your server as a self-hosted VPN if necessary

In the `requirments.txt`

    revChatGPT==0.0.38.8
## Features

* `/chat [message]` Chat with ChatGPT!
* `/private` ChatGPT switch to private mode
* `/public`  ChatGPT switch to public  mode
* `/reset`   ChatGPT conversation history will be erased

### Chat

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/206497774-47d960cd-1aeb-4fba-9af5-1f9d6ff41f00.gif)

### Mode

* `public mode (default)`  the bot directly reply on the channel

  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/206565977-d7c5d405-fdb4-4202-bbdd-715b7c8e8415.gif)
* `private mode` the bot's reply can only be seen by who use the command

  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/206565873-b181e600-e793-4a94-a978-47f806b986da.gif)

# Setup

## Install

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

dependencies: Reverse Engineered ChatGPT by OpenAI [here](https://github.com/acheong08/ChatGPT) and discord.py

## Step 1: Create a Discord bot

1. Go to https://discord.com/developers/applications create an application
2. Build a Discord bot under the application
3. Get the token from bot setting

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949161-4b508c6d-19a7-49b6-b8ed-7525ddbef430.png)
4. Change the file name of `config.dev.json` to `config.json`
Store the token to `config.json` under the `discord_bot_token`

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949488-f3f2903d-7fb8-4be3-a703-2174535b3cd7.png)
5. Turn MESSAGE CONTENT INTENT `ON`

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949323-4354bd7d-9bb9-4f4b-a87e-deb9933a89b5.png)
   
6. Invite your bot to your server via OAuth2 URL Generator

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/205949600-0c7ddb40-7e82-47a0-b59a-b089f929d177.png)

## Step 2: Session token authentication

Go to https://chat.openai.com/chat log in

1. Open console with `F12`

2. Open `Application` tab > Cookies

    ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36258159/206955081-8a8e1ff9-d12c-456c-9a67-5c1a7438f76c.png)

3. Copy the value for `__Secure-next-auth.session-token` from cookies and paste it into `config.json` under `session_token`

## Step 3: Cloudflare token authentication (Server & Docker only)

  
   1. Find your `cf_clearance` from cookies and paste it into `config.json` under `cf_clearance`
        > **Warning**
        > 
        > Cloudflare `cf_clearance` have a 2-hour expiration, so you will need to manually log in and retrieve it periodically for now
        > 
        > Currently solving this issue

   2. Get your `user-agent` from network and paste it into `config.json` under `user-agent`

        Network > Headers > Request Headers > `User-Agent`

        ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/207018691-da7de05e-89c1-4111-a2d6-c220fa35754b.png
  )
  
   3. It should be look like this

        ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89479282/206976671-31c989d1-c1af-494f-876a-3dc632ffc4da.PNG)

## Step 4: Run the bot

1. Open a terminal or command prompt
2. Navigate to the directory where you installed the ChatGPT Discord bot
3. Run `python3 main.py` to start the bot

## Step 4: Run the bot with docker

1. Build the Docker image `docker build -t chatgpt-discord-bot --platform linux/amd64 .`
2. Run the Docker container  `docker run --platform linux/amd64 -d chatgpt-discord-bot`

   ### Stop the bot:

   * `docker ps` to see the list of running services
   * `docker stop <BOT CONTAINER ID>` to stop the running bot

## Optional: Setup starting prompt

* A starting prompt would be invoked when the bot is first started or reset
* You can set it up by modifying the content in `starting-prompt.txt`
* All the text in the file will be fired as a prompt to the bot  

### Have A Good Chat !
